docs: add AI-assisted contribution guidelines (#32725)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/5.community/4.contribution.md

We'll do our best to follow [our PR decision making flowchart](https://mermaid.live/view#pako:eNp9VE1v2kAQ_SsjXzBSEqlALlaUisSh0ACK2l4qcVm8Y9hi7672Iwly-O-ZtYPt5FAOCHbee_PmzdpVlCmOURLlhXrJ9sw4-JNuJNBnWs1UQafIQVjrERyWumAOv58-AJeXt29_0b7BXbWwwL0uRPa1vlZvcB_fF8oiMMmB2QM4BXkt3UoON7Lh3LWaDz2SVkK6QGt7DHvw0CKt5sxCKaQoWQEGtVHcZ04oGdw04LTVngW_LHOeFcURGGz97mw6PSv-iJdsi0UCA4nI7SfNwc3W3JZit3eQ1SZFDlKB15yswQ2MgbOjbYeatY3n8bcr-IWlekYYaJRcyB04I9gOB1CEfkF5dAVTzmFAtnqn4-bUYAiMMmHZgWhNPRhgus5mW2BATxq0NkIZ4Y4NbNjzE2ZchBzcHmGLe_ZMSKCcyRXyLrVFa_5n_PBK2xKy3kk9eOjULUdltk6C8kI-7NFDr8f4EVGDoqlp-wa4sJm3ltIMIuZ_mTQXJyTSkQZtunPqsKxShV9GKdkBYe1fHXjpbcjlvONlO9Kqx_M7YHmOmav_luxfE5zKwVs09hM5DLSupgYDlr5flDkwo7ykixKG-xDsUly1LZ-uY32dgDc7lG7YqwbNp0msJwmIUivjWFtfd-xRrEcJ7Omydz37qFplHOtxEp4GskI2qB5dRCWakglOz3oV8JuITJa4iRL6yZk5bKKNPBGOead-H2UWJc54vIiaW53SPgwrz4fIhVNm1bw76lfI6R2_MW21) when responding and reviewing to pull requests.

### AI-Assisted Contributions

> We welcome the thoughtful use of AI tools when contributing to Nuxt. To ensure clarity and authenticity in our collaboration, please follow these principles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome the thoughtful use of AI tools when contributing to Nuxt, yet ask all contributors to follow [two core principles](https://roe.dev/blog/using-ai-in-open-source).
```

#### Never let an LLM speak for you

* All comments, issues, and pull request descriptions should be written in your own voice
* We value clear, human communication over perfect grammar or spelling
* Avoid copy-pasting AI-generated summaries that don't reflect your own understanding

#### Never let an LLM think for you

* Feel free to use AI tools to generate code or explore ideas
* Only submit contributions you fully understand and can explain
* Contributions should reflect your own reasoning and problem-solving

> These guidelines help us maintain quality, collaboration, and shared understanding in the Nuxt community. If you have ideas for improving how we use AI in contributions, we'd love to hear them! ❤️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our aim is ensuring quality and maintaining the joy of collaborating and communicating with real people. If you have ideas for improving our policy on AI in the Nuxt community, we'd love to hear them! ❤️
```
